# CSC384Project2016Fall
# Othello


Team size: 3

Type of Project 	Game Tree Search(Heuristics)




#### Project Description:

In our project, we will use game tree search to create two computer players that play Othello. In Othello, we are given a 8x8 matrix and two players(A and B). On the 8x8 board, it is populated with pieces from both player A and B in turn. You can only place down a piece where the spot is empty and is either horizontally, vertically, or diagonally bound by another piece of your own. For every move, the opponent’s pieces that are bounded within your pieces are turned to your color. The game ends when there is no more empty spot left on the board and the side with majority pieces on board wins. We give letter A and B to represent player A’s and B’s pieces respectively. We will use game tree search to implement AI. This project is suited to game tree search because it is a search over two robot’s decision of playing a game. Each of AI wants to maximize its profit.


#### Evaluation Plan

We will be comparing the results generated by two computers playing against each other using   different combinations of heuristic searches. We will keep track of the number of different path explored by the search algorithm, the time consumed for large search spaces and the path in which the search algorithm chooses.


#### Roles for Team Members: 


Kaifu will be responsible for encoding different heuristic functions for search engine to evaluate.

Guohao will be responsible for encoding the search engine, which will use given search strategy to properly find solution if it exist.

Gurleen will be responsible for encoding the state space for Othello and testing scripts for simulating the game, as well as generating useful text outputs for tracking and debugging purposes.



